We already know how to get our program to explore different pages when doing a search.
Now we have to figure out how to extract only the titles of four and five style books.
So we have to find out a way how these stars look like in the HTML code.
Let's right click and inspect these stars.
Here we have the HTML code and here we can see these five lines of code where there's a class named
Icon Star.
Since this book has three stars, we should be able to spot some difference between these three lines
which correspond to the yellow stars and these two lines which correspond to the empty stars.
Well, they look exactly the same.
Which means the difference doesn't lie in this part of the code.
Therefore, this is not how we're going to extract those titles.
On the other hand, we can see that these five lines are inside another class, which is a paragraph
named Star Rating three.
So this is how we'll be able to identify the rating of each book through the name of this class.
We won't use the number of lines, since there will always be five of them for any of the books.
Instead, we're going to use the number at the end of the class name.
So I want to look up the title of this book, which is rated three stars.
Where can I find this title here in the code.
If I position myself here and choose inspect, I'll see that the title is in this H three tag which
reads a h, r, e, f and contains the title tag which is Slow States of Collapse.
So there's a problem.
Both the stars and the title are on the same level.
So let's close this and we see that they are on the same level.
It's not that one is inside the other.
So taking into account the tools we have, which allows us to only identify one tag inside another,
we won't be able to do this since they are on the same level.
So look at this.
Both stars and title are inside the tag reading article whose name is Class Product Pod.
If we position ourselves here, the book and its data are highlighted.
So this is the special rule.
We have to look for product pod and extract the title of books that have a specific number of stars
in the name of the class star rating.
So let's go to pie chart to see how we can do this with code.
Let's delete this loop and create our first call.
Let's store in result requests.
Dot get.
And here we're going to save basic URL.
We're going to work with page one for now, and then we're going to figure out how to iterate over the
other pages with a loop.
So let's generate a soup that contains B.
S for beautiful soup.
And here we type result text and pick HTML parser as method.
This is something we know by heart.
We want to print super select and here we select dot and the class named product pod.
So let's execute it.
And here we have a type error since string object is not callable.
Of course, that's because I haven't entered the format.
Keep up.
Very.
Okay, let's execute it and we receive a lot of text.
If we take a closer look, we'll see a list containing all the class product pod.
Let's start with article class product pod.
They are followed by a div tag and a tag and a div tag again.
And there's the number of stars and the title.
Hey, we should have as many elements as page one.
So if we go back to our website and scroll all the way down, we see that there are 20 results for each
page.
Yeah, 20 results from pages 41 to 60.
That's what we should be seeing.
So we can confirm that by printing the length.
Which tells us.
We have 20 elements.
Perfect.
So we've managed to get our code to capture all the products with titles and stars in the first page.
For our next lesson.
We'll spice it up a bit so as to work towards our goal.
I'll see you there.